So this is a really exciting part of the course because in we're going to generate an SEO over of course
and find out what the score is for your particular site.
I think it's a fantastic exercise to help demystify SEO and also give you some very personalized information
about what you need to do in order to inquire in search engine results.
Doing this now and having the report at your side as we go through the subsequent lectures I think is
going to help make the course far more relevant more interesting and will help you take the necessary
actions that you need to do.
So in order to generate Briscoe's score I'm going to give you the option to use two different free tools
.
So the first is a way to rank Chrome extension.
And secondly is a free to add on my size.
So w w w r r Walsh dot com forward slash ASIO's scores so maybe there's advantages to both of these
different tools.
Number one it will run because it praiser extensions so it's going to be your own.
You're going to be able to see his score for any site that you visit and just open the extension when
you want to.
And the CEO report that will generate on my site I think is really useful because it gives a lot of
very detailed information.
It's something you can download and take away which you can and also you can do as you comparisons so
you can compare your score to the side scores.
So let me just show you briefly how to get the we ran Chrome extensions set up and then I'll show you
my report as well.
So that we rank Chrome extension.
All you need to do is typing.
We run Chrome extension into Google and it comes up at the first result and you can install it as a
extension into your browser says he can see I've already got it installed here and it shows up my good
symbol.
So let's just say I'm visiting a Web site and want to check out and understand a bit about their SBO
.
Well I can just click this button to open the tool and it's already generated in this score here and
it's broken in and sit for different sections and gives advice about what you should do to improve your
side so as CEO Q consistency index pages I anchor text broken links and how it looks on mobile and i-Pad
.
And so maybe a lot of this doesn't mean too that it might not mean a lot to name but it definitely will
the end of the course you're going to be a lot more familiar with what's on this tool and how to interpret
the information to improve SEO.
So in order to generate the second as CEO report news head over to my side.
Towelled stock come forward slash as CEO score and as I said this is great because you can get an escrow
score for specific web page which is what Google writes and the search engine results whether it be
an awning page or blog post or home page etc..
And what I also like about this report is that it forces you to put in a keyword and that automatically
gets you thinking about.
Oh yeah.
What keywords do I want around for.
What should I be optimizing Arends So just put in an aside to lingo dot com.
Just taking this as an example we're going to put in that trend the key that I want to rank for trunk
translation services.
And I also want to put in a competitor that's ranking on the first page of Google because they want
to understand what they're doing right and how you can find models to get myself to the top of search
results as well.
So what you want to do then is putting in your email.
This is any more of a spam deterrent.
I wouldn't be blasting guys with a lot of stuff.
So you really scan now just in the interest of time and I'm going to skip on and I've already sconces
here.
And as you can see what you're going to see a report here is side by side comparison with your competitor
.
So really I mean this is a great outline of what we're going to be doing in the rest of the course because
here we've got things like the type and type description the images the heading tags.
This is all about optimization and placing our key words in the right place in the search engines.
And then we really come down to the authority building part of the course in terms of building authority
on social media and also in terms of getting page links and back links to our two main as well.
So here you can see some of the outlines there.
And then also what we've gotten here is a task list for your particular site which I think is very helpful
so we're not going to really get into it in too much detail because we're going to be touching on all
these areas throughout the remainder of the course.
What I'd suggest is and download the report save it for yourself and keep it by your side as we're going
through the remainder of the course.
So just a final note and that if you see onerously a report that you're not seeing things like your
description time's heading tags images even though they're on your site am what may be happening is
that you haven't put in the right page where you're SU information is contained so this is an example
of a site where that happens.
You can go to the browser view developer view the source code and then you can see in the source code
that it says find DSTO content and the site's home page on the home page there.
But then it has escaped fragment.
So you want to put all of that back into the app to hear you want to put that on the page so try that
.
If you have any problems at all just go back and rely on the room and Chrome extension that's going
to give you more than enough information.
So that's it guys.
I really hope that that was helpful.
I know it's going to thrown you in the deep end there but hopefully that will demystify a lot of the
information.
And really we're going to be working through the rest of the course.
And you